Troble (#4)
Troblecodings/TGDocument: markdown/03_system_scope_and_context.md

# System Scope and Context

> The Engine is based upon the Vulkan API. The Vulkan APIs primary purpose is to provide platform and vendor independent GPU driver access. The engines shader programs as well as every call to the GPU goes through the Vulkan API and the driver. Any game build by the engine as well as the editor is build upon the engine systems. Our Toolsystem (ShaderTool) will be accessed through the Editor UI or per command line by an other programmer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Engine is based upon the Vulkan API. The Vulkan API's primary purpose is to provide platform and vendor independent GPU driver access. The engines shader programs, as well as every call to the GPU, go through the Vulkan API and the driver. Any game build by the engine, as well as the editor, is built upon the engine systems. Our tool system (ShaderTool) will be accessed through the Editor UI or per command line by an other programmer.
```
